# Vipanan
I want to create an interface where the producers and consumers can meet; it should be free, safe, and without any scams or strings attached. It may be a publicly funded or government-supported interface.
This may kill the companies like Amazon, Flipkart, Jiomart etc.
This idea originated from a solution I was thinking of to overcome a fundamental problem farmers face today. My uncle and aunt are actual farmers. They have a shop other than that to rely on for income. My father also does farming, and the main issues of this business are the following:
1. The farm produce spoils quickly. So, a lot of food goes to waste.
2. There are few options available to farmers to sell their products quickly.

At least my uncle and my father have some land to grow crops like paddy or bananas. But what about the small farmers with tiny pieces of land? They have no option but to be daily labourers. So, even though they grow some extra vegetables other than their family's needs, they have no platform to sell them other than the daily market. Perishable items like milk have an excellent ecosystem, but there is an o for vegetables using the irradiation technique developed by BARC. We can save the item for a long time. So, we can use the idea.

Our platform would allow the farmers and the consumer to meet each other, interact, and have deals absolutely free. Finding some way to make money for this is challenging, but slowly we'll carve our way.
Now, when the farmer starts to do business, makes money, and gains trust, he gets good ratings and reviews from the consumers.
Slowly he has enough resources to risk for organic farming. There is a good demand for organic products, which they can sell at high prices. There will be a random check of the products from the company to see if all the items are pesticide and herbicide free or not.

We can hire Asha Di's for this awareness of these services and sabji wali bais' for this quick product delivery.

The income can be slowly generated by showing the ads for agriculture equipment, organic manure, or for cheap products, pesticides and herbicides, GMO seeds and stuff, and Urea-like products and selling them on the app with offers.

These activities can then evolve to acquiring some land on a contract or shared partnership with farmers, farming with a big piece of land, bringing better farming techniques, training the farmers, using machines instead of labours, owning cold storage, trains, transportation resources like trucks, being contractual suppliers to hotels and restaurants, student hostels etc.

We can also collaborate with the government to provide farmers' insurance, being intermediate in making deals with farmers with companies to save the farmers from big companies' bullying.
